The party descends to the next level; the passage opens into a stone room. There's a faint light source, like an omnipresent glow, perhaps Spiralian in origin.

The walls are covered in harsh carvings -- Darrow carvings, that are old and ancient. There are two levers on a wall, in neutral (horizontal) positions, and each lever can be pushed up or pulled down.

Echoing through the walls, the party can hear faint clicking. A Clockwork ticking. At their ears, just below the level of an annoyance... a prckling.

The party heads east, down the only hallway, to discover an intersection with a long room with two dead ends. T'lalok and Anzja explore the north end; Tiyeri and Avin explore the south end; Vider explores the ceiling; and Avin explores the wall directly to the east. The north end has an odd seam where the walls meet.

Vider sees footprints. One set are deep and blocky (perhaps an automaton?). Two lighter (human) footprints form another set. The last is bovine, also deep, and quite bipedal. This creature walks on two legs, like some sort of freakish man and centaur hybrid. There should be a name for it, like... manotaur. Yes. They are the hoofprints of a manotaur.

The party regroups, and examines the levers. They take a vote -- should they pull the lever?

All votes are fair. All odds are even.

The lever is pulled.

A grinding noise is heard, and everything moves kinda clockwise. A small vestibule is revealed at the north end of the other room, with an eastward hall.

Vider heads over to inspect the vestibule, and has found that the tracks split up. He tells the party to try moving the lever up.

They do, and the room at the end whirs to reveal a hall heading west. The party shrugs their collective shoulders and venture on.

At the end of the new hall, there's a trophy room to the north, with a trapped door. Aznja attempts to disable it and is horribly damaged. Tiyeri gives it a whirl and successfully disables it. There is a silent understanding.

Everyone enters the room to look around. There's a +1 heavy mace; T'Lalok picks it up. There is also an old, weathered statue. Avin claims a broken staff. Otherwise, the room is unremarkable, with an exit to the north.

It is dim. They are likely to be eaten by a grue. (But they aren't though.)

The party heads through the north door and down the hall; on their right, they find a locked door. Tiyeri and Anzja open the lock together, and the room they open is a jail. Klarkosh must be on some bourgeois level of decadence.

There's a wizard behind bars -- Jarune! He has black hair, medium-length, and appears malnourished from his stay. His countenance is young, seems about 19 or 20 years old, with a thin face, thin jaw, and the quiet, inquisitive demeanor of a student. Despite his sallow body, his eyes alight at the party, and he wearily relaxes in their presence.

T'Lalok and Anzja rush to his side to administer aide; he's helped along by a potion from Marilla.

Once he's feeling a bit better, the party asks about Klarkosh. Jarune says he saw him recently -- Klarkosh is tall, meetal-faced, with his entire left arm built of clockwork. He wears a blue cloak, and is very tall, thin, gaunt, and menacing. DC's lawyers take interest, but Doctor Doom he is not.

(But well, he is a tinkerer, and he does speak doom, so...)

Klarkosh had been interrogating Jarune about the portals. See, Klarkosh wants to delve deeper into the abyss, but he's stopped by random portals on this level and others. It might be the work of the Vissk-Thar who dwell below.

Jarune reveals he is a wizard of Starcloak's teaching, and was captured by a brass minotaur and automaton, and jailed.

Tiawask, his wizard-sister-cousin-friend, escaped days ago; he hasn't seen her.

Marilla carries Jarune on her back. They lock his cell behind them and head back towards the circular keyroom. However, Vider sees that the room is closed.

Then he speaks.

"Company."

There's a minotaur in the keyroom, heading their way. The entire party moves back from the trophy room. Tiyeri, Avin, and Anzja jam the lock on the door. They all move into the hall, and jam that door, too. Desperate for a way out, the discover the bathing room, and further down the hall, they open another door.

There's a larger room. There is the spire on the other side of the room, and two automatons watching the opening door. They sense danger there, and briefly decide what to do.

As Vider watches, the minotaur bursts through the first barricaded door.

The party snaps to attention and move back to the bathing room. They manage to crowd in, just as the minotaur bursts through the second barricaded door. They listen intently. The minotaur stomps through the corridor, searching... And after a while, it walks away.

Everyone breathes again.

After a moment of respite, the group hesitantly moves to the end of the hall, towards the large room. Anzja takes point at the door. She slowly opens the door; the automatons don't notice. Vider flattens through the gap and hides on the ceiling.

The rest of the group make a plan. They double check their idea, and then... something amazing happens. Here we go.

Avin and Hope engulf the first automaton in flame, and Vider shoots it immediately. It is almost destroyed in that instant. Avin throws flame yet again, and it crumples to ash and sadness.

T'Lalok runs into the room and slams his mace into the second automaton. Vider shoots it as well, and then Anzja touches it ablaze. Tiyeri also lets loose a shot and the thing is so worse for wear.

Meanwhile, Hope heals Jarune and Anzja.

T'Lalok attempts a power attack and succeeds for massive damage. Avin looses a stream of acid, but it still stands.

And then, Vider hits it with another arrow. The battle is over.

But things aren't over.

Before T'Lalok's eyes, the minotaur charges into the room from a side door, which perishes before his might. It swings at T'Lalok with a massive...

Allow me to describe this weapon. It was something axe-shaped, yet not an axe. It was something more. It was like a hunk of metal, that the minotaur would swing with wanton abandon. Guts would be proud.

T'Lalok doubles back, and Anzja shoots it with her crossbow.

[[ I'm so sorry I know more happened but y'all caught me sleepin or something]]

It falls to the floor, dropping that great axe (and much loot), which Avin disperses to the party.

...

This all occurs within one minute.
